3703: feature flag docs updates (#4070)
knative/docs: docs/admin/serving/feature-flags.md

This document introduces two concepts:

Feature
: A way to stage the introduction of features to the Knative API.

Extension
: A way to extend Knative beyond the portable concepts of the Knative API.

## Configuring flags

Features and extensions are controlled by _flags_.

You can define flags in the `config-features` ConfigMap in the `knative-serving` namespace.

Flags can have the following values:

Enabled

> : The feature or extension is enabled and currently in use, or active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature or extension is enabled and currently in use.
```

Allowed

> : The feature or extension is enabled and can be used or made active, for example, by using an additional annotation or spec configuration for a resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The feature or extension is enabled and can be used, for example, by using an additional annotation or spec configuration for a resource.
```

Disabled
: The feature cannot be used.

## Lifecyle

When features and extensions are introduced to Knative, they follow a lifecycle of three stages:

Alpha stage

> : Might be buggy. Enabling the feature may expose bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Might contain bugs.
```

> : Support for feature may be dropped at any time without notice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Support for the feature might be dropped at any time without notice.
```

> : The API may change in incompatible ways in a later software release without notice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The API might change in incompatible ways in a later software release without notice.
```

: Recommended for use only in short-lived testing clusters, due to increased risk of bugs and lack of long-term support.

Beta stage

> : The feature is well tested. Enabling the feature is considered safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The feature is well tested and safe to enable.
```

> : Support for the overall feature will not be dropped, though details may change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Support for the overall feature will not be dropped, though details might change.
```

> : The schema and/or semantics of objects may change in incompatible ways in a subsequent beta or stable release. When this happens, we will provide instructions for migrating to the next version. This may require deleting, editing, or re-creating API objects. The editing process may require some thought. This may require downtime for applications that rely on the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The schema and/or semantics of objects might change in incompatible ways in a subsequent beta or stable release. When this happens, instructions are provided for migrating to the next version. This might require deleting, editing, or re-creating API objects. The editing process might require some thought. This might require downtime for applications that rely on the feature.
```

> : Recommended for only non-business-critical uses because of potential for incompatible changes in subsequent releases. If you have multiple clusters that can be upgraded independently, you may be able to relax this restriction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Recommended for only non-business-critical uses because of the potential for incompatible changes in subsequent releases. If you have multiple clusters that can be upgraded independently, you might be able to relax this restriction.
```

                  fieldPath: spec.nodeName
```

## Kubernetes dry run

* **Type**: Extension
* **ConfigMap key:** `kubernetes.podspec-dryrun`

> This flag controls whether Knative attempts to validate the Pod spec derived from a Knative Service spec by using the Kubernetes API server before accepting the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flag controls whether Knative attempts to validate the Pod spec derived from a Knative Service spec, by using the Kubernetes API server before accepting the object.
```

Reviewer: It needn't be a comma right there specifically -- we just need something to break up the sentence.

      ...
```

## Kubernetes security context

* **Type**: Extension
* **ConfigMap key:** `kubernetes.podspec-securitycontext`

This flag controls whether a subset of the [security context](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) can be used.

When set to `enabled` or `allowed`, the following PodSecurityContext properties are permitted:

- FSGroup
- RunAsGroup
- RunAsNonRoot
- SupplementalGroups
- RunAsUser

When set to `enabled` or `allowed`, the following container SecurityContext properties are permitted:

- RunAsNonRoot (also allowed without this flag only when set to true)
- RunAsGroup
- RunAsUser (already allowed without this flag)

> This flag should be used with caution, since PodSecurityContext properties may affect non-user sidecar containers that come from Knative or your service mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this flag with caution. PodSecurityContext properties can affect non-user sidecar containers that come from Knative or your service mesh.
```
